delivery_send_to_shipper_at_operation/README.rst, before:

=====================================
Delivery Send To Shipper at Operation
=====================================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fdelivery--carrier-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/delivery-carrier/tree/13.0/delivery_send_to_shipper_at_operation
    :alt: OCA/delivery-carrier
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/delivery-carrier-13-0/delivery-carrier-13-0-delivery_send_to_shipper_at_operation
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/99/13.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module allows to send the delivery notification to the carrier when
any operation before the delivery one is marked as done.

This is used mainly to send the notification when the pack operation is marked
as done, using the shipping method of the related delivery operation.
By doing so, the delivery operation won't send again the delivery notification
when it will be validated.
However, the delivery cost will still be added to the sale order by the delivery
operation, not the pack.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

On the shipping method, you can configure on which operation types the
delivery notification is triggered by selecting *Defined operations* in the
*Send delivery notice on* field:

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OCA/delivery-carrier/13.0/delivery_send_to_shipper_at_operation/static/description/delivery_carrier1.png

Then select the operation type which will trigger the delivery notification:

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OCA/delivery-carrier/13.0/delivery_send_to_shipper_at_operation/static/description/delivery_carrier2.png

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

Known issues:

* this module is working fine only if the operation from which the delivery
  note is sent has no backorder. All quantities have to be processed to get
  full data in the delivery notification;

TODO:

* hide the "Send to shipper" button on the delivery form if the delivery
  notification has already been sent

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/delivery-carrier/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/delivery-carrier/issues/new?body=module:%20delivery_send_to_shipper_at_operation%0Aversion:%2013.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Camptocamp

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Sébastien Alix <sebastien.alix@camptocamp.com>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/delivery-carrier <https://github.com/OCA/delivery-carrier/tree/13.0/delivery_send_to_shipper_at_operation>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[MIG] delivery_send_to_shipper_at_operation: Migration to 14.0
The test case have small changed because on Odoo 14 native, module
`sale_stock` have override function `_action_done`.
See more detail at:
- 14.0: https://github.com/odoo/odoo/blob/96b56ea350c283d824468c591d42e4aeeada0d69/addons/sale_stock/models/stock.py#L90
- 13.0: https://github.com/odoo/odoo/blob/079c3df14df7fec21ee21a4eace75af289653d64/addons/sale_stock/models/stock.py#L83

delivery_send_to_shipper_at_operation/README.rst, after:

=====================================
Delivery Send To Shipper at Operation
=====================================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fdelivery--carrier-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/delivery-carrier/tree/14.0/delivery_send_to_shipper_at_operation
    :alt: OCA/delivery-carrier
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/delivery-carrier-14-0/delivery-carrier-14-0-delivery_send_to_shipper_at_operation
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/99/14.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module allows to send the delivery notification to the carrier when
any operation before the delivery one is marked as done.

This is used mainly to send the notification when the pack operation is marked
as done, using the shipping method of the related delivery operation.
By doing so, the delivery operation won't send again the delivery notification
when it will be validated.
However, the delivery cost will still be added to the sale order by the delivery
operation, not the pack.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

On the shipping method, you can configure on which operation types the
delivery notification is triggered by selecting *Defined operations* in the
*Send delivery notice on* field:

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OCA/delivery-carrier/14.0/delivery_send_to_shipper_at_operation/static/description/delivery_carrier1.png

Then select the operation type which will trigger the delivery notification:

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OCA/delivery-carrier/14.0/delivery_send_to_shipper_at_operation/static/description/delivery_carrier2.png

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

Known issues:

* this module is working fine only if the operation from which the delivery
  note is sent has no backorder. All quantities have to be processed to get
  full data in the delivery notification;

TODO:

* hide the "Send to shipper" button on the delivery form if the delivery
  notification has already been sent

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/delivery-carrier/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/delivery-carrier/issues/new?body=module:%20delivery_send_to_shipper_at_operation%0Aversion:%2014.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Camptocamp

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Sébastien Alix <sebastien.alix@camptocamp.com>
* `Trobz <https://trobz.com>`_:
    * Nguyen Hoang Hiep <hiepnh@trobz.com>

Other credits
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The migration of this module from 13.0 to 14.0 was financially supported by Camptocamp

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/delivery-carrier <https://github.com/OCA/delivery-carrier/tree/14.0/delivery_send_to_shipper_at_operation>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
