delivery_carrier_label_batch/README.rst, before:

===========================================
Carrier labels - Stock Batch Picking (link)
===========================================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fdelivery--carrier-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/delivery-carrier/tree/12.0/delivery_carrier_label_batch
    :alt: OCA/delivery-carrier
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/delivery-carrier-12-0/delivery-carrier-12-0-delivery_carrier_label_batch
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/99/12.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module adds a wizard on picking batch to generate the labels
of the packs. The labels are merged in one PDF file.

If you want multiple labels for one picking, all the moves should have been
put in a pack before the labels can be printed.

If you don't define your pack it will be considered a picking is a single pack.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

If using ZPL2 file format, multiple `*.zpl` can be merged either "as is" or with
"single image definition" to spare file size.
Single image definition can be used by defining `ir.config_parameter` with name
`zpl2.assembler.single.images` to `True`.

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

    1. Go to...

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/delivery-carrier/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/delivery-carrier/issues/new?body=module:%20delivery_carrier_label_batch%0Aversion:%2012.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Camptocamp

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Yannick Vaucher <yannick.vaucher@camptocamp.com>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/delivery-carrier <https://github.com/OCA/delivery-carrier/tree/12.0/delivery_carrier_label_batch>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[14.0][MIG] delivery_carrier_label_batch: Migration to 14.0

delivery_carrier_label_batch/README.rst, after:

===========================================
Carrier labels - Stock Batch Picking (link)
===========================================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fdelivery--carrier-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/delivery-carrier/tree/14.0/delivery_carrier_label_batch
    :alt: OCA/delivery-carrier
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/delivery-carrier-14-0/delivery-carrier-14-0-delivery_carrier_label_batch
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/99/14.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module adds a wizard on picking batch to generate the labels
of the packs. The labels are merged in one PDF file.

If you want multiple labels for one picking, all the moves should have been
put in a pack before the labels can be printed.

If you don't define your pack it will be considered a picking is a single pack.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

If using ZPL2 file format, multiple `*.zpl` can be merged either "as is" or with
"single image definition" to spare file size.
Single image definition can be used by defining `ir.config_parameter` with name
`zpl2.assembler.single.images` to `True`.

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

    1. Go to...

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/delivery-carrier/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/delivery-carrier/issues/new?body=module:%20delivery_carrier_label_batch%0Aversion:%2014.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Camptocamp

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Yannick Vaucher <yannick.vaucher@camptocamp.com>
* `Trobz <https://trobz.com>`_:
    * Khoi Vo <khoivha@trobz.com>

Other credits
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The migration of this module from 12.0 to 14.0 was financially supported by Camptocamp

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/delivery-carrier <https://github.com/OCA/delivery-carrier/tree/14.0/delivery_carrier_label_batch>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
